* We added loading tips :3
Lethal Rebirth emerged simply to make each time playing LC just a bit better.
Lethal Rebirth has a Wiki on GitHub! Guides, Challenges, and more are to be found there.
Team Rebirth welcomes any contributions and feedback.
* The ship has been arranged with care.
A door's bell attracts keen ears...
The monitor's text now automatically scrolls up and down!
Ever thought the ship was too small? Enjoy this leviathan of a ship!
You can see the moons in the ship external camera, just like in v38!
The Company has provided you a second cupboard. Enjoy it!
The loud horn is now auto unlocked; Figure how to use it wisely or die trying!
Extra Monitors, extra display; Upgrades, people! Upgrades!
The new monitors show you day, scrap value on ship, and a bit more...
The inverse Teleporter's cooldown has been reduced to 60 seconds. Enjoy!
Scanable lightswitch? Sign me up!
Type "lgu" to buy lategame upgrades!
Careful when closing the ship doors! If something gets trapped inbetween it ain't pretty.
The ship Person can now watch their friends' actions per bodycam!
The ship provided for Operation Rebirth is cleaned up and up to current standards.
A maximum occupancy of 8 is assumed. Bring more friends along if you want to have more party.
The ship's floodlight rotates now! Use the button panel to change its speed & behavior.
The annoying squeaky noice from the ship has been replaced with more pleasant ones :3
* The Terminal's upgrades exist thanks to the excellent assets Darmuh & Mrov!
You can now type "previous" besides using the arrow keys to navigate in "view monitor"!
Use the up and down arrows to navigate your command history!
Type "suits" in the terminal to select a suit. The webcam will show you your style!
The newly formatted terminal makes sure you can easily find what you need on any given page!
Radar maps for the monitor and terminal operate independently now!
* A cruiser a day keeps the doctor away, for the gravedigger will receive their pay.
You can look over your shoulder when in the cruiser now!
Maybe play a tune and see what it does...
* Check out Wesley's Moons if you are in need for more!
Thanks to Atlas the skies are prettier.
You may notice the fog is more lenient and more atmospheric now ^-^
You can sprint on ladders!
We have adjusted scrap weights, scrap count, and more for the moons to have a more balanced experience!
Dying on Gordion now carries no monetary penalties.
Vow's dam now has a rope ladder that can be released!
Offense now has a rope ladder on the pipe!
Offense now has a longer route to the fire exit... No extension ladder required...
Most moons are more cruiser friendly now...
Notice the water tower on March, maybe you'll find something nearby...
March's bridge is between Vow's and Admance's in durability...
* The weather system has been entirely overhauled.
Cloudy weather tends to show a coming decline...
It always rains on March, but there are not always mud puddles.
The entire weather system has been revamped for easier tweaking and better balance!
"Foggy?" means it most likely is... But not guaranteed...
[UNKNOWN] is a fun surprise? Come on, live a little!
* Lethal Rebirth features a big variety of interiors.
Manors attract those meant to maintain them...
You may see more different kinds of manor fake-windows.
The deepcore mines are called deepcore because they are deep... get it? It's so deep.
Mind the ladders in the deep mines: There is much more to explore!
Fire exits will now always spawn farther away from the main entrance!
The elevator has not been used since a long time...
Offense is known for people disappearing through mysterious means...
The elevator will play spooky tunes when weather is eclipsed.
The office from the Upturned is now an interior!
The revisit stingers now work properly!
Be prepared for a total blackout when you pull the apparatus!
You have made a mistake. Do not enter the rubber rooms...
DO NOT ENTER THE RUBBER ROOMS.
Some interiors like eclipsed weather...
Rumors say the toy store's nutcrackers may spring into action, sometime...
You are not alone in the Sewers.
Is the head or the body what controls a coil head...
The vanilla factory & mineshaft have been replaced with extended variants!
Mind the pesticides in the greenhouse!
It slithers in the walls...
Mind the traps!
* The Company assures personel that scavenging should come with no danger of relevance.
The Zap Gun can now also disable traps and open shelter doors! Be careful with the latter...
Pulling the Apparatus leaves the entire facility out of power. Good luck in the dark!
The Forest Keeper will now loose suspicion the longer it does not see you.
The fog is colored now, making every moon just a bit more atmospheric. You might see better too!
The main entrance is now wodden for Manors!
Open the "Other" page in the terminal to see new commands!
When oxygen reaches 0 you receive damage until you die. Any damage taken will regenerate once you breathe fresh air again!
If you do not want your messages to be read by text-to-speech put a ! before it!
If you are back at the ship, maybe look at the radar to see if your pals are still kickin'...
You have quick drop! Upon dropping anything the slot changes to one with something in it. Scrap is always dropped first!
Forsaken describes the moon's state pretty well...
* Got an idea for a loading tip? Let us know!
If you hear a screeching... Maybe look above and greet it.
Do not carry metal through the metal detector! One did... let's say, they regretted it...
Do not stare at the Bracken! One did... when they were... ya' know.
Type "eject" and confirm in the terminal if your performance is below standard.
